[Music]
living in the grounds of the Hawaiian
hotel is a nice herring the staff call
him Hank
his home is an all-inclusive resource
where food is literally thrown at you
but Hank always has trouble going up
against the larger swamp
yes that is a little when he finally
does get his beak on some food he
doesn't hit him completely unexpected he
doesn't eat it but instead appears to
have a plan
[Music]
Hank takes the bread he places it in the
water and he waits he could eat it at
any time but he doesn't
[Music]
that wasn't part of the plan
[Applause]
[Music]
to fish in a single mouthful Hank is
catching fish by using the bread as a
tool and he clearly knows how valuable
it is he doesn't waste it on fish too
big for him to eat but instead takes it
out of harm's way